Maintenance Overlap Job Addition (#214)
nautobot/nautobot-plugin-circuit-maintenance: docs/jobs.md

### Circuit Maintenance

The **Circuit Maintenance** is where all the necessary information related to a Circuit maintenance is tracked, and reuses most of the data model defined in the parser library.

Attributes:

- Name: name or identifier of the maintenance.
- Description: description of the maintenance.
- Status: current state of the maintenance.
- Start time: defined start time of the maintenance work.
- End time: defined end time of the maintenance work.
- Ack: boolean to show if the maintenance has been properly handled by the operator.
- Circuits: list of circuits and its specific impact linked to this maintenance.
- Notes: list of internal notes linked to this maintenance.
- Notifications: list of all the parsed notifications that have been processed for this maintenance.

![Circuit Maintenance Job](images/circuit_maintenance.png)

## Circuit Overlap Job

> The circuit overlap job that gets included with the Circuit Maintenance Plugin is a job that is going to search for possible overlapping maintenances, which **may** cause an outage of a site. The variable `overlap_job_log_only_impacts` controls on the check if a maintenance notification has an expected impact. Default is `False` for this setting, that any maintenance notification will be alerted on within the Nautobot Job. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The circuit overlap job that gets included with the Circuit Maintenance Plugin is a job that is going to search for possible overlapping maintenances, which **may** cause an outage of a site. The variable `overlap_job_exclude_no_impact ` controls on the check if a maintenance notification has an expected impact. Default is `False` for this setting, that any maintenance notification will be alerted on within the Nautobot Job. 
```
